what is up everybody I just wanted to
take a quick second and walk you guys
through something so to keep growing
this community and making bigger and
better content we've teamed up with some
amazing partners and we're gonna be
experimenting with the way that we
present their involvement in an episode
right now we're doing things where
upfront it's a quick title card that
lets you know who's bringing you that
episode for the day and then an offer
specifically to our community at the end
we're probably going to experiment with
a bunch of different things but our idea
is to obviously only bring you things we
really believe in and then to bring you
things that are really awesome deals for
you guys and we hope that you support
our sponsors because they're making it
possible for us to keep all of this free
and then also they're offering some
really pretty extraordinary deals that
we hope you guys take advantage of
purely selfishly for your sake so that
you can continue your self development
and growth alright as always my friends
thank you for being a part of this
community and for letting us communicate
to you in this way we really really
appreciate it and do not take it for
granted if you have any ideas or
thoughts please let us know and until
next time my friends be legendary
take care